c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Logic.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Logic.pdb
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Logic.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Logic.pdb
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Projects\CursoMVC\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
